# 2.2.5  LAB  Data Types

## Objectives


the basic properties of complex data types such as Array and Object (treated as a record) and be able to use them in practice.

## Scenario
Do you remember the contact list you created while doing the task from the previous Lab? You have to admit that at first glance it looked quite strange. We had to use nine variables to store information about just three users. What's worse, adding each new user would require the creation of three more variables. This is neither convenient nor practical. Fortunately, since then we have learned something about arrays and objects, which will allow us to save our list in a slightly more convenient way. Using the same data as in the previous Lab, create the contact list as an array, each element of which will be an object describing a single user. So we should get a three-element array, and each object placed in it will contain three pieces of information (name, phone, and email).

At the end of the list declared in this way, add a new contact using the appropriate array method. The new contact is: **Maisie Haley / 0913 531 3030 / risus.Quisque@urna.ca**.

Display the first and last contact, again in the format: **name / phone / email**. Use the `length` property of the array to determine the index of the last element. Remember that the array elements are indexed starting at 0.

```javascript
let contacts = [
    {
        name: "Maxwell Wright",
        phone: "5563 28080",
        email: "maxwell@example.com"
    },
    {
        name: "Raja Villarreal",
        phone: "5603 78290",
        email: "raja@example.com"
    },
    {
        name: "Helen Richards",
        phone: "0434 58932",
        email: "helen@example.com"
    }
];

// Add a new contact
contacts.push({
    name: "Maisie Haley",
    phone: "0913 531 3030",
    email: "risus.Quisque@urna.ca"
});

// Display first contact
console.log(
    contacts[0].name + " / " +
    contacts[0].phone + " / " +
    contacts[0].email
);

// Display last contact
let lastIndex = contacts.length - 1;
console.log(
    contacts[lastIndex].name + " / " +
    contacts[lastIndex].phone + " / " +
    contacts[lastIndex].email
);
```

#### Output:

```javascript
Maxwell Wright / 5563 28080 / maxwell@example.com
Maisie Haley / 0913 531 3030 / risus.Quisque@urna.ca
```
